Two young guys with shaggy hair look at their hands while hanging out in the yard .
Two young , White males are outside near many bushes .
Two men in green shirts are standing in a yard .
A man in a blue shirt standing in a garden .
Two friends enjoy time spent together .
Several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system .
Workers look down from up above on a piece of equipment .
Two men working on a machine wearing hard hats .
Four men on top of a tall structure .
Three men on a large rig .
A child in a pink dress is climbing up a set of stairs in an entry way .
A little girl in a pink dress going into a wooden cabin .
A little girl climbing the stairs to her playhouse .
A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse .
A girl going into a wooden building .
Someone in a blue shirt and hat is standing on stair and leaning against a window .
A man in a blue shirt is standing on a ladder cleaning a window .
A man on a ladder cleans the window of a tall building .
man in blue shirt and jeans on ladder cleaning windows
a man on a ladder cleans a window
Two men , one in a gray shirt , one in a black shirt , standing near a stove .
Two guy cooking and joking around with the camera .
Two men in a kitchen cooking food on a stove .
Two men are at the stove preparing food .
Two men are cooking a meal .
Two people in the photo are playing the guitar and the other is poking at him .
A man in green holds a guitar while the other man observes his shirt .
A man is fixing the guitar players costume .
a guy stitching up another man 's coat .
the two boys playing guitar
A man sits in a chair while holding a large stuffed animal of a lion .
A man is sitting on a chair holding a large stuffed animal .
A man completes the finishing touches on a stuffed lion .
A man holds a large stuffed lion toy .
A man is smiling at a stuffed lion
A girl is on rollerskates talking on her cellphone standing in a parking lot .
A trendy girl talking on her cellphone while gliding slowly down the street .
A young adult wearing rollerblades , holding a cellular phone to her ear .
there is a young girl on her cellphone while skating .
Woman talking on cellphone and wearing rollerskates .
An asian man wearing a black suit stands near a dark-haired woman and a brown-haired woman .
Three people are standing outside near large pipes and a metal railing .
A young woman walks past two young people dressed in hip black outfits .
A woman with a large purse is walking by a gate .
Several people standing outside a building .
Two men in Germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts .
Two youths are jumping over a roadside railing , at night .
Boys dancing on poles in the middle of the night .
Two men with no shirts jumping over a rail .
two guys jumping over a gate together
Five ballet dancers caught mid jump in a dancing studio with sunlight coming through a window .
Ballet dancers in a studio practice jumping with wonderful form .
Five girls are leaping simultaneously in a dance practice room .
Five girls dancing and bending feet in ballet class .
A ballet class of five girls jumping in sequence .
Three young men and a young woman wearing sneakers are leaping in midair at the top of a flight of concrete stairs .
Four casually dressed guys jumping down a stairway outdoors with a stone wall behind them .
Four guys three wearing hats one not are jumping at the top of a staircase .
Four men with excited faces are jumping down from the top of stairs .
Four people are jumping from the top of a flight of stairs .
A black dog and a white dog with brown spots are staring at each other in the street .
A black dog and a tri-colored dog playing with each other on the road .
Two dogs of different breeds looking at each other on the road .
Two dogs on pavement moving toward each other .
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A man with reflective safety clothes and ear protection drives a John Deere tractor on a road .
John Deere tractors cruises down a street , while the driver wears easy to see clothing .
A man in a neon green and orange uniform is driving on a green tractor .
A man in a tractor wearing headphones driving down a paved street .
A man driving a John Deere tractor on a main road in the country .
Some women are standing in front of a bus with buildings behind it .
Several women stand on a city street with tall buildings .
A group of women are standing in front of a bus .
Several women wait outside in a city .
Women are standing outside
A young woman with dark hair and wearing glasses is putting white powder on a cake using a sifter .
A lady in a black top with glasses is sprinkling powdered sugar on a bundt cake .
A woman wearing glasses sprinkles powdered sugar onto her bundt cake .
Girl in black jacket sifting powdered sugar over a chocolate cake .
A standing woman holds a pan over a cake .
A small girl in the grass plays with fingerpaints in front of a white canvas with a rainbow on it .
A little girl covered in paint sits in front of a painted rainbow with her hands in a bowl .
There is a girl with pigtails sitting in front of a rainbow painting .
A little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow .
Young girl with pigtails painting outside in the grass .
a man sleeping on a bench outside with a white and black dog sitting next to him .
A man lays on the bench to which a white dog is also tied .
man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground
A shirtless man lies on a park bench with his dog .
A man lays on a bench while his dog sits by him .
A group of adults , inside a home , sitting on chairs arranged in a circle , playing a type of musical instruments .
Five musicians , a man and four women , practicing sheet music (using flutes ) in a living room .
People gathered in a circle , some holding musical instruments .
People gathered in a room to talk about their favorite tunes .
Five people are sitting in a circle with instruments .
Two women , both wearing glasses , are playing clarinets and an elderly woman is playing a stringed instrument .
At least four instrumentalists play clarinets and other instruments in a curtained room .
Four women in a living room , three of which are clearly playing a musical instrument .
A bunch of elderly women play their clarinets together as they read off sheet music .
A group of four women , are performing music on their instruments .
A person in gray stands alone on a structure outdoors in the dark .
A large structure has broken and is laying in a roadway .
A man in a gray coat is standing on a washed out bridge .
A man stands on wooden supports and surveys damage .
A man in a jacket and jeans standing on a bridge .
A man in a white t-shirt looks toward the camera surrounded by a crowd near a metro station .
A large crowd of people stand outside in front of the entrance to a Metro station .
A group of people are walking through a city street .
A crowd is portrayed near a metro station .
Crowd standing outside a metro area .
A man with a goatee in a black shirt and white latex gloves is using a tattoo gun to place a tattoo on someone 's back .
A man is putting a tattoo on a another 's man upper back .
A man with a black shirt giving another man a tattoo .
A man is putting tattoo on his back .
A man getting a tattoo on his back .
two children , a girl and a boy are practicing their writing .
Two children sit on a small seesaw in the sand .
Two children sitting on a teeter totter .
2 kids playing on a seesaw
Two kids sit on a seesaw .
A man in a blue hard hat and orange safety vest stands in an intersection while holding a flag .
A man wearing a hard hat and a caution vest is standing in the street waving an orange flag .
A man in bright vest and hard hat holds a flag on a street corner covered in spray paint
A construction worker is standing in the street and holding a red flag .
A man wearing a reflective vest and a hard hat holds a flag in the road
A person with long gray hair has a beret with beige and white wearing a blue raincoat is painting a marketplace scenery surrounded by other artists and paintings .
A person dressed in a blue coat is standing in on a busy sidewalk , studying painting of a street scene .
A person with gray hair is painting in a public place surrounded by others who are also painting .
Lady in blue coat with white and brown hat standing in front of a painting .
Passerby admiring painting at an outdoor art fair .
A man stands on one foot while holding on to a waste basket .
A man in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart .
Janitor pushing dolly outside with janitor tools .
A man in green pants walking down the road .
A man in bright pants is pushing a cart .
A small child grips onto the red ropes at the playground .
A little girl in pink climbs a rope bridge at the park .
The small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground .
A little girl climbing on red roping .
A child playing on a rope net .
Young man in jacket holding a toothpick with something on the end of it
A young man traveling on bus with a piece of flower in his hands .
A teen holding an unknown object for photographers .
A young man on a train holds an origami crane .
You know i am looking like Justin Bieber .
Young blond man in a blue and yellow jacket smiling while standing in front of a net .
A young man in a black and yellow jacket is gazing at something and smiling .
A young man holding a pole vault looks determined .
A man is holding a pole and smiling .
A smiling man looking at the sky .
A man with a baseball cap and black jacket stands in a bathroom while holding a coffee mug .
A man is wearing a ball cap and holding a coffee cup between to urinals .
a man is posing next to a urinal with a cup of coffee .
A man holds a coffee cup while in the bathroom .
A man standing at a urinal with a coffee cup .
Five people walking with a multicolored sky in the background .
Four people walking through the sunset in clear blue skies .
Four people walking with the sun setting behind them .
Four silhouettes decorate the horizon 's sunset .
A group of people walking as the sun sets .
A man with black hair sits in a restaurant with a glass of beer .
A man is sitting at a table with a drink .
A man is sitting at a table with a beer .
A dark-haired man sitting drinking .
A old man having a beer alone .
An officer in a reflective vest stands at the front of his van with his dog .
A trained police dog sits next to his handler in front of the police van .
A security man with his watch dog is looking for something .
A policeman is standing with a German Shepherd dog .
A policeman stops on a street with a search dog .
The " white out " conditions of snow on the ground seem to almost obliverate the details of a man dressed for the cold weather in a heavy jacket and red hat riding a bicycle in a suburban neighborhood .
A young boy rides a bike down a snow covered road .
A boy in the snow riding his bike down the street .
A person riding a bike on a snowy road .
A person riding a bike in snow .
Five men , uniformly dressed in white shirts , tie and black slacks converse at the back of an open van .
small group of 5 white males in white suits hanging out by the back of a van in a parking lot talking .
Five men in white short-sleeved shirts and ties stand in a parking lot .
A group of men wearing ties talk while standing on the street .
Colleges stop to take a break from there business meetings .
A tan man with a backwards hat looks at the camera while walking through a factory .
Older man working in a factory not looking too excited about the photograph .
A man in a white shirt and black camp among many machines .
A man with a backwards hat works on machinery .
A man wearing a backwards cap at work .
A caucasian man wearing a short-sleeved black shirt and a dark-skinned woman wearing a sleeveless dress are working at a conveyor .
A black woman and a white man working in a factory setting packing jars with candles into boxes .
A woman is sorting white tall candles as a man in a green shirt stands behind her .
A warehouse manager assisting an employee .
Two people working on an assembly line .
Man wearing a blue and white outfit , holding a broom , with a traditional Asian architecture in the background .
A Asian man wearing a white top and baby blue bottoms is using a broom to remove the dirt of the pavement .
A man in a white and blue kimono is using a broom to sweep pavement .
Man sweeping the street outside .
Asian man sweeping the walkway .
two men in florescent vests are standing next to parked cars in front of a small building while one of them converses with a driver and a woman on a bike is seen riding by
A man leans into a car to talk to the driver , as a man on a bicycle looks on .
A man on a bicycle watching a row of cars waiting to go through a checkpoint .
A park ranger talking to a tourist .
Two cars are parked outside .
A little girl in a pink shirt and a little girl in an orange shirt sitting in the grass .
Two young children eating a snack and playing in the grass .
Two young toddlers outside on the grass .
Two infants are at play in the yard .
2 female babies eating chips .
A person in tan pants is inside a silver mobile object while people watch .
People are watching a person in a weird vehicle in a plaza .
A man in a blue shirt driving a Segway type vehicle .
a showing of product to advertise
A crowd admiring modern art ?
A man in black approaches a strange silver object containing a person , while many onlookers observe from behind a roped off barrier .
A person drives around a futuristic looking vehicle while a man approaches her and a crowd watches .
A person riding in a futuristic single-person vehicle .
man walking up to silver 4-wheeled chair
A man walks by a silver vehicle .
bride and groom walking side by side out of focus on pathway next to brick building .
A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband .
A recently married couple pose for the camera .
A groom and bride are standing arm in arm .
A couple getting married .
A little boy plays with a Nintendo GameCube controller inside a McDonald 's .
A young boy plays a video game in a McDonald 's restaurant .
A young boy plays with a GameCube kiosk at McDonald 's .
A little boy playing GameCube at a McDonald 's .
A little kid playing GameCube at McDonald 's .
White dog with brown ears standing near water with head turned to one side .
Dog with orange ball at feet , stands on shore shaking off water
A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball .
White dog playing with a red ball on the shore near the water .
A dog shakes its head near the shore , a red ball next to it .
A group of people picnicking at picnic tables in front of a playground .
A group of people enjoying a beautiful day in the park .
A group of people are having a picnic at the park .
The reunion is in full swing with a moon bounce .
A group of people having a barbecue at a park .
Two asian or spanish people , a woman and a man , sitting together in front of a glass window as cars pass .
A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman in a black and white blouse .
A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman .
A man and woman pose in front of some traffic .
An Asian couple sitting on the bench .
Women are seated at a picnic table eating , while a man in a white t-shirt and a yellow and orange balloon design on his head stands in the background .
An elderly woman is eating a burger while the man next to her touching his hat .
A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables .
Two older women sit at a table with two coolers in front of them .
A gray-haired person with glasses enjoys a sandwich .
Two people are demonstrating martial arts to a crowd and jumping over three youngsters who are crouched on the mat .
A boy jump kicking over three kids kicking wood during a tae kwon do competition .
A boy jumps over three other students in a martial arts demonstration .
A crowd is watching a group of five martial artists perform .
A crowd of people watch a martial arts demonstration .
People on two balconies and a man climbing up a pipe towards the lower balcony getting liquid poured on him .
A kid in a red sweatshirt is reaching to hand something to a man in a white shirt
A young boy empties a bottle over the railing of a balcony unto the man below .
a boy in a red jacket pouring water on a man in a white shirt
A young man pouring the contents of a bottle .
A man with a red jacket is shielding himself from the sun trying to read a piece of paper .
a man wearing a red coat is outside with his hand over his head to block out the sun .
A man in a red jacket shades the sun from his eyes on a busy street .
An elderly man in a red jacket shielding his face from the sun .
Man in red jacket shielding face from the sun to read .
Two men are carrying children on their backs down the street on a sunny day in a nice neighborhood .
Two men , each with a small child on their backs , walk on a paved road .
Two men are out for a stroll with their two young children .
Men walking down a street with children .
Two men walking with children .
Smiling boy in white shirt and blue jeans in front of rock wall with man in overalls behind him .
A little boy is standing on the street while a man in overalls is working on a stone wall .
A young child is walking on a stone paved street with a metal pole and a man behind him .
A boy smiles in front of a stony wall in a city .
A young boy runs aross the street .
A mottled black and gray dog in a blue collar jumping over a fallen tree .
A gray dog is leaping over a fallen tree .
A large black dog leaps a fallen log .
The black dog jumped the tree stump .
A black dog leaps over a log .
Men in the business suits are crossing the street , and there are people with placards are gathering on the street .
A man in a suit runs across an intersection while a large group of people assembles .
A man in a suit is running past two other gentleman , also dressed in a suit .
A man in a suit is hurrying across the street .
A man in a suit is running across the street .
A man in a red long-sleeved shirt bikes over a body of water on a bridge .
A man riding his bike across the bridge that is over the river .
A man in red on a bicycle rides past a glass structure .
Man in a red shirt riding his bicycle around water .
A man in a red shirt rides his bicycle .
A barefooted man wearing olive green shorts grilling hotdogs on a small propane grill while holding a blue plastic cup .
A guy in shorts and a white t-shirt sits on the ground in front of a grill with hotdogs on it .
A young man in sunglasses holds a blue cup next to a grill with sausages .
A young man , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grill .
A man is holding his cup while he grills hotdogs .
The white and brown dog is running over the surface of the snow .
a white and brown dog is running through a snow covered field .
A brown and white dog is running through the snow .
A dog running through snow .
A dog is running in the snow
Man on scooter attracts attention from some of those in large crowd .
A crowd is standing and waiting for the green light .
People stop and look at an older woman outside .
A crowd of people waiting to cross a street .
A crowd of people waiting for the light .
A person wearing skis looking at framed pictures set up in the snow .
A man in a hat is displaying pictures next to a skier in a blue hat .
A man skis past another man displaying paintings in the snow .
A skier looks at framed pictures in the snow next to trees .
Man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow
Several climbers in a row are climbing the rock while the man in red watches and holds the line .
Seven climbers are ascending a rock face whilst another man stands holding the rope .
A group of people are rock climbing on a rock climbing wall .
A group of people climbing a rock while one man belays
A collage of one person climbing a cliff .
A young gymnast , jumps high in the air , while performing on a balance beam .
A woman wearing an orange leotard doing gymnastics in front of an audience .
A gymnast performing on the balance beam in front of an audience .
The young gymnast 's supple body soars above the balance beam .
A gymnast is performing on the balance beam .
a boy in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is pushing a toy three wheeler around a small pool .
A young boy is pushing a toy ATV around a rubber pool
a boy pushing a red toy atv next to a pool
A boy pushing a miniature car on a lawn .
A young boy pushing his toy quad .
a woman with a red jacket and headscarf looks out over a scenic view of a bay through a set of pay binoculars on a viewing deck .
A woman inside a building is wearing a headscarf and looking out of a window through a mounted telescope .
Woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below .
A woman in a headscarf uses a telescope to look out over the city and bay .
A Woman is looking through a telescope while wearing a red coat .
A man in a black coat walks past a red spaceship with a parking ticket stuck to its window .
A man is standing in front of a small red object that looks like a plane .
A man wearing a black jacket is walking towards the street .
A man in a black jacket is moving towards a street .
Man in black coat examining airplane nose .
Large brown dog running away from the sprinkler in the grass .
A brown dog chases the water from a sprinkler on a lawn .
A brown dog running on a lawn near a garden hose
a brown dog plays with the hose .
A dog is playing with a hose .
A man and a little girl happily posing in front of their cart in a supermarket .
A man sitting with his daughter in his daughter 's pink car in a grocery store .
A man is sitting on a pink cart with a little girl in the grocery store .
A man with his daughter sitting on a stroller in a supermarket .
The little girl and the man are smiling .
A dog prepares to catch a thrown object in a field with nearby cars .
A white dog is ready to catch a yellow ball flying through the air .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow ball in its mouth .
A white dog is about to catch a yellow dog toy .
A white dog running after a yellow ball
A man wearing a green shirt and a dark colored vest is sitting at a table with a glass of water in front of him .
Guy in green shirt with hand covering part of his face in restaurant booth .
Man sitting at a table at a restaurant with a glass of water .
A man in a green sweater and black vest sitting in a booth .
A boy in a green sweater is sitting at a table .
A white dog is trying to catch a ball in midair over a grassy field .
The white dog is playing in a green field with a yellow toy .
a black and white dog jumping in the air to get a toy .
A black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy .
A dog leaps to catch a ball in a field .
Two men are hiking in a forest where snow is partially covering the ground .
Two men hiking in the snowy wilderness .
Two hikers resting by a patch of snow .
Two men look up while hiking .
Two men hiking in the snow .
An elderly man with facial hair and glasses , standing in his living room holding a hutch cabinet with glass doors .
An older man in a gray shirt with a white long-sleeve shirt under it holding up a small wooden cabinet .
A middle-aged man with a white beard and glasses holds up a small , wooden handmade cabinet .
A man showing off his new wooden creation .
A man with beard carrying a cabinet .
two guys sitting on the floor , with the guy in the green jacket reading a piece of paper .
A elderly father and his grown son are preparing for a camping trip in the wild .
Two men sit on the floor with camping equipment .
Two men sitting on their living floor .
Two guys sorting through some items .
A bearded man wearing glasses , a red shirt , and a hat is reading a map while sitting in a car .
A bearded traveler in a red shirt sitting in a car and reading a map .
A man wearing a baseball cap is sitting in a car looking at a map .
a man in a red t-shirt is sitting in a car looking at a map .
A man trying to decipher a map .
a large lake with a lone duck swimming in it with several people around the edge of it .
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park .
Two people are at the edge of a lake , facing the water and the city skyline .
A child and a woman are at waters edge in a big city .
A little boy at a lake watching a duck .
A couple and an infant , being held by the male , sitting next to a pond with a nearby stroller .
A man and woman care for an infant along the side of a body of water .
A couple with their newborn baby sitting under a tree facing a lake .
Couple with a baby sit outdoors next to their stroller .
A couple sit on the grass with a baby and stroller .
Three men are standing at night near a black car near a shelter filled with bicycles .
Some men standing in front of a building next to a parked car .
There are a lot of bikes parked under the curved roof tonight .
police questioning the driver of a black wagon at nighttime .
Men under a dome beside a black station wagon .
A black lab with tags frolicks in the water .
This is a black dog splashing in the water .
The black dog runs through the water .
A black dog running in the surf .
A dog splashes in the water
A man is drilling through the frozen ice of a pond .
A person in the snow drilling a hole in the ice .
A person standing on a frozen lake .
A man drilling a hole in the ice .
Two men are ice fishing .
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach .
Two dogs are making a turn on a soft sand beach .
Two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach .
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach .
Two dogs playing together on a beach .
an ice climber in a blue jacket and black pants is scaling a frozen ice wall .
A person in blue and red ice climbing with two picks .
A man uses ice picks and crampons to scale ice .
An ice climber scaling a frozen waterfall .
Climber climbing an ice wall
Two young men and a young lady walk through a field near the water .
Three people walking through a beautiful meadow towards the ocean .
Two men and a woman are walking through a field .
Two males and one female walking on a path .
Three people walking on a path in a meadow .
A man in black attire shovels snow into the street , disregarding all public safety .
Man in black jacket gray snow cap , shovels snow near a street with cars .
A man shoveling snow off the roads and sidewalks in a city .
A person is cleaning snow and ice off of a city sidewalk .
A man shovels slush of the street .
A couple in their wedding attire stand behind a table with a wedding cake and flowers .
A bride and groom are standing in front of their wedding cake at their reception .
A bride and groom smile as they view their wedding cake at the reception .
A couple stands behind their wedding cake .
Man and woman cutting wedding cake .
A black dog carries a green toy in his mouth as he walks through the grass .
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass .
A black dog carrying something through the grass .
A dog in grass with a blue item in his mouth .
A black dog has a blue toy in its mouth .
A group of woman and children are standing or sitting in front of rows of vegetables .
A group of women are trying to sell their vegetable harvest .
People lay out vegetables on blankets at a street market .
Villagers selling their crops at the market .
These are some very large onions .
A band is playing in front of an audience and the singer is wearing an orange shirt and has tattoos on his arm .
In a crowded concert a man in white is approaching the main singer who is wearing a yellow shirt .
A man wearing a yellow t-shirt is shouting into a microphone while an audience is listening .
A man in an orange shirt sings for the crowd below a sign that says Lucky 13 .
A punk rocker screaming on stage at concert .
A young woman with short blond-hair wearing jeans and a striped long-sleeved sweater jumping in midair on a skateboard with trees in the background .
A young man is in midair while skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background .
This person is performing a trick in skateboarding competition , with people watching in the background .
A boy jumps on his skateboard while a crowd watches
Someone skateboarding at a skate park .
A man and a little boy in blue life jackets are rowing a yellow canoe .
A man and a baby are in a yellow kayak on water .
A man and child kayak through gentle waters .
A man and young boy ride in a yellow kayak .
Man and child in yellow kayak
A little boy looks at the camera while a woman behind him seems to be laughing very hard and the woman on the right has a big smile on her face .
Three people on a porch , of which is a little boy who is sitting up straight in his chair .
A woman in a dark dress smiles while a woman across from her and a child sit in chairs .
Two people are sitting on a bench , and one women is standing by them .
Two women , boy sitting on porch , the ladies laughing hard .
A construction site on a street with three men working .
Two men wearing hard hats are in a construction area .
Two men in orange vests work in road construction .
Construction workers installing a light post .
Workers in orange vests work in a street .
Two men , one younger guy with a yellow shirt that has luggage and the other and older guy , are sitting on a bench in front of a large building that has a billboard for glasses and sunglasses .
A man in a yellow shirt , with a tall gray suitcase , sitting next to another man in a white shirt and gray pants , behind them a tall billboard for sunglasses and prescription glasses .
Two men sitting on a bench talking , with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background .
Two men sitting on a bench in front of a sign with a picture of man and a lady .
2 men are sitting at a bench outside the airport in front of a billboard .
During a gay pride parade in an Asian city , some people hold up rainbow flags to show support .
A group of youths march down the street waving flags showing the color spectrum .
Oriental people with rainbow flags walking down a city street .
A group of people walk down the street waving rainbow flags .
People are outside waving flags .
A young man in a blue sweater cleaning fish while three other men watch , one a man a cigarette , or match in his month .
Three older men stare into the pan of a street vendor who is cooking fish .
Three old men are watching another man prepare fish .
A fish sellers stock is looked upon by two old men .
Three men watch as fish is being prepared .
Woman in a green dress with a white top and red-hair singing in a room with a blue roof while band equipment is being prepared .
A red-haired woman in a white top and green and white skirt is singing into a microphone .
A woman in a white tank top with a green flowing skirt , on stage singing a song .
A woman in a green skirt and white tank top singing into a microphone .
A girl in a green skirt is singing Karaoke .
Four college-aged individuals - two males and two females - sitting on the concrete steps outside of a brick building
Two guys and two girls sitting on the stairs outside of a building .
Four people sit on the steps of the entrance to a building .
two men and two women sitting on steps outdoors .
Multiple students sitting on stairs at a school .
The Chocolate Lab jumps too late to get the toy as the Black Lab captures it in the driveway .
A brown and black lab are outside and the black lab is catching a toy in its mouth .
A black dog and a brown dog play with a red toy on a courtyard .
A black dog and a brown dog are jumping up to catch a red toy .
Black dog snaps at red and black object as brown dog lunges .
A young male kneeling in front of a hockey goal with a hockey stick in his right hand .
A child in a red jacket playing street hockey guarding a goal .
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal , with stick .
A boy with a stick kneeling in front of a goalie net
A young kid playing the goalie in a hockey rink .
The man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading .
A man in black is sitting next to a modern art structure in front of a glass building .
A man sits and reads a newspaper by a sculpture outside of an office building .
A man sitting in front of a metal sculpture in front of a building .
a man sits near a large statue .
